docs(contributing): add manim.typing guide (#3669)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/contributing/docs/types.rst

With the large variety of types provided by Manim, choosing
which one to use can be difficult. This guide aims to
aid you in the process of choosing the right type for the scenario.

The first step is figuring out which category your typehint fits into.

Coordinates
-----------
Coordinates encompasses two "main" categories: points, and vectors.

Points
~~~~~~
The purpose of points is pretty straightforward: they represent a point
in space. For example:

.. code-block:: python

   def status2D(coord: Point2D) -> None:
       x, y = coord
       print(f"Point at {x=},{y=}")

   def status3D(coord: Point3D) -> None:
       x, y, z = coord
       print(f"Point at {x=},{y=},{z=}")

   def get_statuses(coords: Point2D_Array | Point3D_Array) -> None:
       for coord in coords:
           if len(coord) == 2:
               # it's a Point2D
               status2D(coord)
           else:
               # it's a point3D
               status3D(coord)

It's important to realize that the status functions worked with both
tuples/lists of the correct length, and ``NDArray``'s of the correct shape.
If they only worked with ``NDArray``'s, we would use their "Internal" counterparts:

> ``InternalPoint2D``, ``InternalPoint3D``, ``InternalPoint2D_Array`` and ``InternalPoint3D_Array``.

Author: oof, lots of small changes here, lol.
Just added them!

In general, the type aliases prefixed with ``Internal`` should never be used on
user-facing classes and functions, but should be reserved for internal behavior.

Vectors
~~~~~~~
Vectors share many similarities to points. However, they have a different
connotation. Vectors should be used to represent direction. For example,
consider this slightly contrived function:

.. code-block:: python

   def shift_mobject(mob: Mobject, direction: Vector3D, scale_factor: float = 1) -> mob:
       return mob.shift(direction * scale_factor)

Here we see an important example of the difference. ``direction`` can not, and
should not, be typed as a ``Point3D`` because it does not work with something
like ``direction=(0, 1, 0)``. You could type it as ``InternalPoint3D`` and
the typechecker and linter would be happy; however, this makes the code harder
to understand.

As a general rule, if a parameter is called ``direction`` or ``axis``,
it should be typehinted as some form of ``Vector``.

.. warning::

   This is not always true. For example as of Manim 0.18.0, the direction

>    parameter of the Vector mobject should be ``Point2D | Point3D``

Author: In general you only need the `~` part if you have a path (e.g. instead of :class:`.VMobject` you have :class:`~.mobject.types.vectorized_mobject.VMobject` I think.

>    parameter of the Vector mobject should be ``Point2D | Point3D``

Reviewer: I based my suggestion in what's mentioned in https://docs.manim.community/en/stable/contributing/docs/references.html, but now I just checked https://docs.manim.community/en/stable/contributing/docs/references.html, and yes, it's not really necessary to add the `~` in this case. What `~` does is that, if you type :class:`~.mobject.types.vectorized_mobject.VMobject`, it's shown as simply `VMobject` in the docs, whereas if you don't use the tilde it will show the full path `mobject.types.vectorized_mobject.VMobject`. So it's redundant if it's only :class:`~.VMobject`, but maybe it's better to be explicit :shrug: 

Anyways, the backreference I added is for `Vector`

   as it can also accept ``tuple[float, float]`` and ``tuple[float, float, float]``.

Colors
------
The interface manim provides for working with colors is :class:`.ManimColor`.
The main color types Manim supports are RGB, RGBA, and HSV. You will want
to typehint a function depending on which type it uses. If any color will work,
you will need something like:

.. code-block:: python

   if TYPE_CHECKING:
       from manim.utils.color import ParsableManimColor

   # typehint stuff with ParsableManimColor

Béziers
-------
Manim internally represents a ``Mobject`` by a collection of points. These
points represent Bézier curves, which are a way of representing a curve using a

> sequence of points.

Author: Interesting, didn't know that.
Probably useful to know for experimental lol

.. note::

   To learn more about Béziers, take a look at https://pomax.github.io/bezierinfo/

Manim supports two different renderers, which each have different representations of
Béziers: Cairo uses cubic Bézier curves, while OpenGL uses quadratic Bézier curves.

> Typehints like ``BezierPoints`` represent a single bezier curve, and ``BezierPath`` is
> essentially a sequence of ``BezierPoints``. A ``Spline`` is when a ``BezierPath``
> forms a closed curve. Manim also provides more specific type aliases when working with
> quadratic or cubic curves, and they are prefixed with their respective type (e.g. ``CubicBezierPoints``,
> which is a ``BezierPoints`` that specifically applies to cubic Bézier curves).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type hints like :class:`~.BezierPoints` represent a single Bézier curve, and :class:`~.BezierPath`
represents multiple Bézier curves. A :class:`~.Spline` is when the Bézier curves in
:class:`~.BezierPath` form a single connected curve. Manim also provides more specific type
aliases when working with quadratic or cubic curves, and they are prefixed with their
respective type (e.g. :class:`~.CubicBezierPoints` is a :class:`~.BezierPoints` array
consisting of exactly 4 points representing specifically a cubic Bézier curve).
```

Functions
---------

> Throughout the codebase, many different types of functions are used. The most obvious example
> is a rate function, which takes in a float and outputs a float (``Callable[[float], float]``).
> Another example is for overriding animations. One will often need to map a :class:`.Mobject`
> to an overridden :class:`Animation`, and for that we have the ``FunctionOverride`` typehint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout the codebase, many different types of functions are used. The most obvious example
is a rate function, which takes in a float and outputs a float (``Callable[[float], float]``).
Another example is for overriding animations. One will often need to map a :class:`~.Mobject`
to an overridden :class:`~.Animation`, and for that we have the :class:`~.FunctionOverride` type hint.
```

> ``PathFuncType`` and ``MappingFunction`` are more niche, but are related to moving objects
> along a path, or applying functions. If you need to use it, you'll know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~.PathFuncType` and :class:`~.MappingFunction` are more niche, but are related to moving objects
along a path, or applying functions. If you need to use it, you'll know.
```

Images
------

> There are several representations of images in manim. The most common is
> the representation as a numpy array of floats representing the pixels of an image.
> This is especially common when it comes to the OpenGL renderer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several representations of images in Manim. The most common is
the representation as a NumPy array of floats representing the pixels of an image.
This is especially common when it comes to the OpenGL renderer.
```

> This is the usecase of the ``Image`` typehint. Sometimes, manim may use ``PIL.Image``,
> in which case one should use that typehint instead.
> Of course if a more specific type of image is needed, it can be annotated as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the use case of the :class:`~.Image` type hint. Sometimes, Manim may use ``PIL.Image``,
in which case one should use that type hint instead.
Of course, if a more specific type of image is needed, it can be annotated as such.
```
